# RSAP-Analysis
RSAP Minimum Categories and Assets represented as vector point, line, or polygon GIS data were analyzed for their exposure to future SLR, Storm surge, and GW flooding using ArcPy scripts and ESRI’s ArcGIS Pro Version 3.2. The primary geoprocessing tools used in the analysis were the Intersect and Spatial Join functions in an ArcPy scripting model.
GIS data was initially processed to a common projection (NAD83 UTM Zone 10N), joined with jurisdiction types, and clipped to the RSAP exposure analysis area (i.e. OLU based primary, contributing watershed, and bayland units)(Fig. 2). Individual GIS datasets were additionally processed to combine relevant data inputs (i.e. DTSC and WB contaminated sites), clean data (i.e. remove elevated transportation segments), and facilitate symbology.
For the majority of assets, the intersect functions overlaid asset vectors to flood hazard data to calculate asset specific summaries of exposure to each flood scenario (i.e. absolute miles highways exposed and percent of highways exposed compared to RSAP exposure analysis area). The total values used to calculate percentages include the full extent of the unexposed assets in the RSAP Exposure Analysis Area.
For assets that rely on estimates of housing or jobs (i.e. Development) exposed to flooding, additional analysis steps were conducted to minimize errors associated with overestimating flooding impacts. These include utilizing Microsoft building footprint data, as well as a threshold of 10% of parcel area intersected with hazard layers to determine exposed parcels and associated housing units or job spaces. This method follows methods developed for the MTC/BCDC led SLR Funding and Investment Framework . 
A limitation of the overall approach to exposure analysis was the inability to field-validate the elevation of individual assets in relation to predicted water level to confirm the exposure indicated in our desktop analysis and develop greater understanding of vulnerability and risk. Instead, given the highly accurate digital elevation model and ground truthing conducted in the development of the combined coastal hazard mapping, accounts for and includes variation in the surface elevation of assets. To this end, data preparation and quality control described above was key to ensure the most accurate results of the exposure modeling.
Subregional shoreline adaptation plans should, at a minimum, be based on the results of the regional exposure analysis. However, subregions should verify regional exposure analysis to the extent feasible with local data. This local data may provide more accurate hazard and vulnerability assessments and could justify differences between regional exposure analysis and subregional plans. 
Data is available via the RSAP Open Data Portal https://rsap-open-data-bcdc.hub.arcgis.com/
